Making sure documentation is ready for GA (#383)
canonical/prometheus-k8s-operator: INTEGRATING.md

Prometheus charm and any scrape target charm, a new Prometheus
configuration is generated.

2. [Grafana Charmed Operator](https://charmhub.io/grafana-k8s), over the `grafana_datasource` interface, to provide a dashboard for viewing metrics aggregated by Prometheus. These dashboards may be customised by charms that relate to Grafana.

3. [Alertmanager Charmed Operator](https://charmhub.io/alertmanager-k8s), over the `alertmanager` interface, so Prometheus may forward alerts to it.

4. [Traefik Charmed Operator](https://charmhub.io/traefik-k8s), over the `ingress_per_unit` interface, so Prometheus may be reached from outside the Kubernetes cluster it is running on.

> 5. [Catalogue CharmedOperator](https://github.com/canonical/catalogue-k8s-operator/tree/main/charm), over the `catalogue` interface, so Prometheus can be published in the service catalogue web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Catalogue Charmed Operator](https://charmhub.io/catalogue-k8s), over the `catalogue` interface, so Prometheus can be published in the service catalogue web page.
```
